Feat(eos_cli_config_gen): Extend listen_range support for BGP (#1735)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/roles/eos_cli_config_gen/README.md

  bgp:
    bestpath:
      d_path: < true | false >

>   # extension of the old dm to allow for multiple listen ranges and addtional filter capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # New improved "listen_ranges" data model to support multiple listen ranges and additional filter capabilities
```

Please add comment above the old keys.
```
  # "bgp_listen_range_prefix" and "peer_filter" will be deprecated in AVD v4.0
  # These should not be mixed with the new `listen_ranges` key above to avoid conflicts.

  listen_ranges:
    - prefix: < A.B.C.D/E | A:B:C:D:E:F:G:H/I >
      # include router id as part of peer filter
      peer_id_include_router_id: < true | false >
      peer_group: < name of peer-group >

>       # peer_filter and remote_as are mutally exclusive. if defined, peer_filter takes precedence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # peer_filter or remote_as is required but mutually exclusive. If both are defined, peer_filter takes precedence
```
